DOCSUP-1315 Updated description of the 'parts' system table (#134)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables.md

-   `name` (`String`) – Name of the data part.

-   `part_type` ([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The data part storing format.

    Possible Values:

>     -   `Wide` — each column is stored in a separate file on disk. 
>     -   `Compact` — all columns are stored in one file on disk. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `Wide` — Each column is stored in a separate file in a filesystem. 
    -   `Compact` — All columns are stored in one file in a filesystem. 
```

Reviewer: ClickHouse can store data in disks, in external and distributed storages, so "filesystem" is a more appropriate term to describe where data are stored.

-   `uncompressed_hash_of_compressed_files` (`String`) – [sipHash128](../sql-reference/functions/hash-functions.md#hash_functions-siphash128) of data in the compressed files as if they were uncompressed.

-   `delete_ttl_info_min` ([DateTime](../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md)) — The minimum value of the date and time key for [TTL DELETE rule](../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md#table_engine-mergetree-ttl).

-   `delete_ttl_info_max` ([DateTime](../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md)) — The maximum value of the date and time key for [TTL DELETE rule](../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md#table_engine-mergetree-ttl).

-   `move_ttl_info.expression` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md))) — Array of expressions. Each expression defines a [TTL MOVE rule](../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md#table_engine-mergetree-ttl). 

>     Note: the `move_ttl_info.expression` array is kept mostly for backward compatibility, now the simpliest way to check `TTL MOVE` rule is to use the `move_ttl_info.min` and `move_ttl_info.max` fields.

Reviewer: We have a special syntax for notes.

!!! note "Warning"
    Note text.
